Added jira service management blog post (#876)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2022-09/jira-service-management-eap/index.md

---
title: "Jira Service Management integration for Octopus Deploy: early access preview"
description: The Octopus Deploy integration for Jira Service Management is now available as an early access preview.
author: michael.richardson@octopus.com
visibility: public
published: 2022-09-20-1400
metaImage: jsm-integration-blog-post.png
bannerImage: jsm-integration-blog-post.png

> bannerImageAlt: Jira service management integration for Octopus Deploy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bannerImageAlt: Jira and Octopus Deploy logos connected by plugs with little stars around the connection
```
